feat: refresh ai page (#161)
rooka-ai/pairlegal_documentation: pairlegal-documentation/docs/AI.md

sidebar_position: 8
---

# AI assistant

Natively integrated into MS Word, using the knowledge of your internal data and the
context of the opened document, the AI assistant allows for targeted and context-aware
answers.

## Tailored to you

We offer a range of customization options for the AI assistant. You can choose your
preferred language model and its provider, set the overall tone and style of answers,

> save and reuse workflows using 'Shortcuts'. In addition, AI taps in the background into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
save and reuse workflows using 'Shortcuts'. In addition, AI uses in the background the context
```

the context of the opened document, as well as to your internal data that you have
uploaded.

> ## Editing

Reviewer: Imo the feature should have name: Bulk Edits that will be used consistently, BE is sending some info about the processing and it must have some name that is consistent, so if not bulk edits then something else that would be name for the one bulk edit window/box

Author: bulk edits is fine, changing
